_includes/ci/prereq.md, before:

## Prerequisites Summary

You'll need to set up the following:

1. A Terraspace project repo on GitLab
2. The terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }} gem
3. Configure Terraspace Cloud

## A Terraspace project repo on {{ include.name }}

If you need a Terraspace project, you can go through one of the [Getting Started Guides]({% link getting-started.md %}).  For this guide, we'll creating a simple stack that creates a `random_pet` resource.

Create a {{ include.name }} repo and push the project to it. Here are some example commands

    git init
    git add .
    git commit -m 'first commit'
    git remote add origin git@{{ include.host }}:USER/REPO.git # replace USER and REPO with your own info
    git push -u origin main

## The terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }} gem

Double-check and make sure `terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }}` is in your Terraspace project's Gemfile. It probably looks something like this.

Gemfile

```
source "https://rubygems.org"

gem "terraspace"
gem "rspec-terraspace"
gem "terraspace_plugin_aws"
gem "terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }}" # <= Should have this
```

The Gemfile also happens to be using AWS cloud plugin. You can use any cloud plugin, of course.

## Configure Terraspace Cloud

Configure the `cloud.org` and `cloud.project` settings.

config/app.rb

```ruby
Terraspace.configure do |config|
  config.cloud.org = "boltops"  # replace with your org name
  config.cloud.project = "main" # replace with your project name
end
```

You'll also need to export `TS_TOKEN` to your environment. You want want to add it to your

~/.bash_profile

    export TS_TOKEN=token-123 # Example only. Replace with your own token

For more details, see [Terraspace Cloud]({% link _docs/cloud.md %}).

Next, we'll generate the CI structure.

Commit message:

update ci prereq to note terraspace 2

_includes/ci/prereq.md, after:

## Prerequisites Summary

You'll need to set up the following:

1. A Terraspace project repo on GitLab
2. The terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }} gem
3. Configure Terraspace Cloud

## A Terraspace project repo on {{ include.name }}

If you need a Terraspace project, you can go through one of the [Getting Started Guides]({% link getting-started.md %}).  For this guide, we'll creating a simple stack that creates a `random_pet` resource.

Create a {{ include.name }} repo and push the project to it. Here are some example commands

    git init
    git add .
    git commit -m 'first commit'
    git remote add origin git@{{ include.host }}:USER/REPO.git # replace USER and REPO with your own info
    git push -u origin main

## The terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }} gem

Double-check and make sure `terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }}` is in your Terraspace project's Gemfile. It probably looks something like this.

Gemfile

```
source "https://rubygems.org"

gem "terraspace"
gem "rspec-terraspace"
gem "terraspace_plugin_aws"
gem "terraspace_ci_{{ include.name | downcase }}" # <= Should have this
```

The Gemfile also happens to be using AWS cloud plugin. You can use any cloud plugin, of course.

Also, make sure that you're using Terraspace 2.0 or above. You can check with `bundle info terraspace` and should see something like:

    $ bundle info terraspace
    * terraspace (2.0.0)

If not, you can update terraspace with

    bundle update terraspace

Or more generally, update all gem dependencies

    bundle update

## Configure Terraspace Cloud

Configure the `cloud.org` and `cloud.project` settings.

config/app.rb

```ruby
Terraspace.configure do |config|
  config.cloud.org = "boltops"  # replace with your org name
  config.cloud.project = "main" # replace with your project name
end
```

You'll also need to export `TS_TOKEN` to your environment. You want want to add it to your

~/.bash_profile

    export TS_TOKEN=token-123 # Example only. Replace with your own token

For more details, see [Terraspace Cloud]({% link _docs/cloud.md %}).

Next, we'll generate the CI structure.
