_reference/terraspace-plan.md, before:

---
title: terraspace plan
reference: true
---

## Usage

    terraspace plan STACK

## Description

Plan stack.

## Example

    $ terraspace plan demo
    => terraform plan
    Refreshing Terraform state in-memory prior to plan...
    The refreshed state will be used to calculate this plan, but will not be
    persisted to local or remote state storage.

    random_pet.this: Refreshing state... [id=fond-sheep]
    module.bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this: Refreshing state... [id=bucket-fond-sheep]

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
    Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
    -/+ destroy and then create replacement
    ...
    Plan: 2 to add, 0 to change, 2 to destroy.

    Changes to Outputs:
      ~ bucket_name = "bucket-fond-sheep" -> (known after apply)

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Note: You didn't specify an "-out" parameter to save this plan, so Terraform
    can't guarantee that exactly these actions will be performed if
    "terraform apply" is subsequently run.

    $


## Options

```
    [--auto], [--no-auto]                # Auto mode is useful for CI automation. It enables appropriate flags.
    [--input], [--no-input]              # Ask for input for variables if not directly set.
i, [--instance=INSTANCE]                 # Instance of stack
o, [--out=OUT]                           # write the output to path
    [--reconfigure], [--no-reconfigure]  # Add terraform -reconfigure option
    [--verbose], [--no-verbose]          
    [--noop], [--no-noop]                
```

Commit message:

tfvars custom layering docs
* project-level layering
* custom layering
* config build cache docs
* rename to config/envs
* summary.prune option

_reference/terraspace-plan.md, after:

---
title: terraspace plan
reference: true
---

## Usage

    terraspace plan STACK

## Description

Plan stack.

## Example

    $ terraspace plan demo
    => terraform plan
    Refreshing Terraform state in-memory prior to plan...
    The refreshed state will be used to calculate this plan, but will not be
    persisted to local or remote state storage.

    random_pet.this: Refreshing state... [id=fond-sheep]
    module.bucket.aws_s3_bucket.this: Refreshing state... [id=bucket-fond-sheep]

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    An execution plan has been generated and is shown below.
    Resource actions are indicated with the following symbols:
    -/+ destroy and then create replacement
    ...
    Plan: 2 to add, 0 to change, 2 to destroy.

    Changes to Outputs:
      ~ bucket_name = "bucket-fond-sheep" -> (known after apply)

    ------------------------------------------------------------------------

    Note: You didn't specify an "-out" parameter to save this plan, so Terraform
    can't guarantee that exactly these actions will be performed if
    "terraform apply" is subsequently run.

    $


## Options

```
    [--auto], [--no-auto]                  # Auto mode is useful for CI automation. It enables appropriate flags.
    [--input], [--no-input]                # Ask for input for variables if not directly set.
i, [--instance=INSTANCE]                   # Instance of stack
o, [--out=OUT]                             # Write the output to path
    [--reconfigure], [--no-reconfigure]    # Add terraform -reconfigure option
    [--copy-to-root], [--no-copy-to-root]  # Copy plan file generated in the cache folder back to project root
                                           # Default: true
    [--verbose], [--no-verbose]            
    [--noop], [--no-noop]                  
```
