_docs/config.md, before:

---
title: Config
---

The `config/terraform` folder is for common configurations. All files in the folder get built and included with the deployed module. Common examples:

* [Backend Config]({% link _docs/config/backend.md %}): configure which backend to use by default. IE: S3
* [Provider Config]({% link _docs/config/provider.md %}): configure which provider to use by default. IE: AWS
* [Terraform Tfvars]({% link _docs/config/tfvars.md %}): Tfvars you want always set.
* [Locals]({% link _docs/config/locals.md %}): Locals you want always available.

## Processing

Files that end with `.tf` and `.rb` get processed with different strategies as part of being built.

Extension | Strategy
--- | ---
.tf | Will be processed with ERB. This allows add a little extra power to the Terraform HCL language with templating logic.
.rb | Will be processed by the Terraspace Ruby DSL. This allows you to write Terraform code with Ruby.

It's also configurable and overridable within each module itself. The next docs cover how it works.

Commit message:

explain that config/terraform is overridable

_docs/config.md, after:

---
title: Config
---

The `config/terraform` folder is for common configurations. All files in the folder get built and included with the deployed module. Common examples:

* [Backend Config]({% link _docs/config/backend.md %}): configure which backend to use by default. IE: S3
* [Provider Config]({% link _docs/config/provider.md %}): configure which provider to use by default. IE: AWS
* [Terraform Tfvars]({% link _docs/config/tfvars.md %}): Tfvars you want always set.
* [Locals]({% link _docs/config/locals.md %}): Locals you want always available.

## Processing

Files that end with `.tf` and `.rb` get processed with different strategies as part of being built.

Extension | Strategy
--- | ---
.tf | Will be processed with ERB. This allows add a little extra power to the Terraform HCL language with templating logic.
.rb | Will be processed by the Terraspace Ruby DSL. This allows you to write Terraform code with Ruby.

## Overridable

The `config/terraform` is for common configurations. They're overridable within each module itself, though. For example:

* config/backend.tf - common configuration
* app/stacks/demo1 - does not have a backend.tf
* app/stacks/demo2/backend.tf - overrides backend.tf

When Terraspace builds the stacks, `demo1` uses `config/backend.tf` and `demo2` uses `app/stacks/demo2/backend.tf`. Files within the stack have higher precedence than the `config/terraform` files.

Note, since terraspace provides a little extra power with ERB templating, you can also have logic in the `config/terraform` files. It's up to you, Terraspace gives you options.

The next docs cover different ways to leverage config.
