_docs/terrafile.md, before:

---
title: Terrafile
---

The Terrafile provides a way to install and manage Terraform modules from sources like the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/), [GitHub](https://github.com/), etc.

## Example

The Terrafile processes a DSL. Here's an example:

```ruby
org "boltopspro" # set default github org. IE: https://github.com/boltopspro

# Use modules from your org
mod "instance", source: "terraform-aws-instance", version: "v0.1.0"
mod "elb", source: "terraform-aws-elb"

# Use modules and specify org explicitly
mod "vpc", source: "another-org/terraform-aws-vpc", version: "master"

# Use modules from the Terraform registry
mod "sqs", source: "terraform-aws-modules/sqs/aws"
```

When you run:

    terraspace bundle

The modules declared in `Terrafile` are downloaded to the `vendor/modules` folder. A `Terrafile.lock` file is also created to lock module versions. You can check in the lockfile to version control, so others running `terraspace bundle` will download the exact same versions as you.

## Updating

To update the `Terrafile.lock` with the latest versions:

    terraspace bundle update

Terrafile simplifies managing module versions to a centralized place.  The `terraspace bundle` commands makes use of [boltops-tools/terraspace-bundler](https://github.com/boltops-tools/terraspace-bundler).

Commit message:

update hook and Terrafile docs

_docs/terrafile.md, after:

---
title: Terrafile
---

{% include terrafile/intro.md %}

## Best of Both Worlds

The Terrafile approach simplifies managing modules. The advantage of using a `Terrafile` is centralization. You can centrally define, manage, and update modules. To install the modules, you add them to `Terrafile` and run:

    terraspace bundle

Modules are downloaded to your `vendor/modules` folder. You can easily look at the module source code when you need to debug.

A `Terrafile.lock` file is also generated. This file can be committed to version control to ensure that everyone on the team uses the exact same version.

Of course, you can still use the typical approach of declaring the source directly in the module source code. Here are some [examples from the docs](https://www.terraform.io/docs/modules/sources.html):

```terraform
module "consul" {
  source = "hashicorp/consul/aws"
  version = "0.1.0"
}

module "example" {
  source = "github.com/hashicorp/example"
}
```

Terraspace provides flexibility. You can use either or both approaches. You get the best of both worlds.
