_docs/install/standalone/centos.md, before:

---
title: "Install: CentOS/RedHat/Fedora"
nav_text: CentOS
category: standalone
order: 2
---

This page shows you how to install Terraspace on CentOS, RedHat, Fedora and other Linux systems that use the yum-based package manager.

## CentOS/RedHat/Fedora

Configure repo

    sudo su
    curl -so /etc/yum.repos.d/boltops.repo https://yum.boltops.com/boltops.repo
    rpm --import https://yum.boltops.com/boltops-key.public

Install

    yum install -y terraspace

Upgrade

    yum makecache
    yum update -y terraspace

Uninstall

    yum remove -y terraspace

{% include install/wrappers.md %}

## Fedora Notes

For Fedora, you may also need the libxcrypt-compat package.

    dnf install libxcrypt-compat -y

Or you'll get this error:

    $ terraspace -h
    /opt/terraspace/embedded/bin/ruby: error while loading shared libraries: libcrypt.so.1: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
    $

Fedora is a bleeding edge distro and is quicker about upgrading their system. The `libcrypt.so` has been removed. The libxcrypt-compat package installs it back.

## Amazon Linux 2 Notes

The standalone installer does not support Amazon Linux 1.  Please use Amazon Linux 2 instead.

## Rpm Install

You can also download the rpm package and install it directly. Here are the commands:

    wget https://yum.boltops.com/packages/terraspace/terraspace-latest.rpm
    sudo su
    rpm -ivh terraspace-latest.rpm
    terraspace -h

You can check [terraspace-latest.rpm.metadata.json](https://yum.boltops.com/packages/terraspace/terraspace-latest.rpm.metadata.json) to verify the package checksum. Here's the checksum command.

    sha256sum terraspace-latest.rpm

To uninstall

    rpm -e terraspace-latest.rpm

Commit message:

update docs for terraspace v0.7
* add non-cloud on-prem docs
* aws plugin: block_public_access and tags docs
* backend examples: s3, azurerm, gcs, remote tfc, local, gitlab http
* improve install shim docs
* update cli reference docs
* update terraspace setup check
* docker versioning docs
* improve custom version docs
* terraspace_aws_plugin s3 tags and block public access docs

_docs/install/standalone/centos.md, after:

---
title: "Install: CentOS/RedHat/Fedora"
nav_text: CentOS
category: standalone
order: 2
---

This page shows you how to install Terraspace on CentOS, RedHat, Fedora and other Linux systems that use the yum-based package manager.

## CentOS/RedHat/Fedora

Configure repo

    sudo su
    curl -so /etc/yum.repos.d/boltops.repo https://yum.boltops.com/boltops.repo
    rpm --import https://yum.boltops.com/boltops-key.public

Install

    yum install -y terraspace

Upgrade

    yum makecache
    yum update -y terraspace

Uninstall

    yum remove -y terraspace

{% include install/wrappers.md %}

## Fedora Notes

For Fedora, you may also need the libxcrypt-compat package.

    dnf install libxcrypt-compat -y

Or you'll get this error:

    $ terraspace -h
    /opt/terraspace/embedded/bin/ruby: error while loading shared libraries: libcrypt.so.1: cannot open shared object file: No such file or directory
    $

Fedora is a bleeding edge distro and is quicker about upgrading their system. The `libcrypt.so` has been removed. The libxcrypt-compat package installs it back.

## Amazon Linux 2 Notes

The standalone installer does not support Amazon Linux 1.  Please use Amazon Linux 2 instead.

## Rpm Install

You can also download the rpm package and install it directly. Here are the commands:

    wget https://yum.boltops.com/packages/terraspace/terraspace-latest.rpm
    sudo su
    rpm -ivh terraspace-latest.rpm
    terraspace -h

To upgrade an existing install also use the `-U` flag.

    rpm -Uivh terraspace-latest.rpm

You can check [terraspace-latest.rpm.metadata.json](https://yum.boltops.com/packages/terraspace/terraspace-latest.rpm.metadata.json) to verify the package checksum. Here's the checksum command.

    sha256sum terraspace-latest.rpm

To uninstall

    rpm -e terraspace-latest.rpm
